h1. Warning: unmaintained

This repository is not maintained anymore.

h1. Extlet

"https://github.com/topolik/extlet":https://github.com/topolik/extlet/
by Tomáš Polešovský, "IBA CZ, s. r. o.":https://www.ibacz.eu/

For more info see the "Wiki":https://github.com/topolik/extlet/wiki


h2. News
* Support for Liferay 6 - please see new project "extlet6":https://github.com/topolik/extlet6
* *22.03.11* - Version 1.4 released (file conflict checking, support for Oracle WebLogic AS)
* *02.12.10* - Migration into Ext Plugin - see "LPS-9442":https://issues.liferay.com/browse/LPS-9442
* *01.12.10* - Conflict checking - build extlet-setup from sources please
* *15.10.10* - Support for Oracle WebLogic AS (without reload)
* *08.10.10* - Ant environment with Service Builder support (download "extlet-ant-sdk.zip":https://github.com/downloads/topolik/extlet/extlet-ant-sdk.zip and look into [[Basic Project - Ant]])
* *07.10.10* - Added Extlet Hook - Extlet environment can be now installed into Liferay using this hook (just download "extlet-hook.war":https://github.com/downloads/topolik/extlet/extlet-hook.war and put into deploy directory) - thanks to "Petr Vlček":https://github.com/petrvlcek

h2. Quick Overview

* It is development (maven) and runtime environment for Liferay 5.2.3 running on the Tomcat
* Extlet replaces the EXT environment
* Use it the way you wish, it is free (under MIT)
* It is supported by the "IBA CZ":https://www.ibacz.eu


h2. Documentation
* General Information
** "What is the Extlet":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/what-is-the-extlet
** "All-in-one Concept":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/all-in-one-concept
** "Licence":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/licence
** "Extlet vs. Ext comparison":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/extlet-vs-ext-comparison
** "Installation":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/installation
* Development
** "Pre-development Tasks":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/pre-development-tasks
** "Basic Project - Ant":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/basic-project---ant
** "Basic Project - Maven":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/basic-project---maven

** "Adding Hooks and Portlets":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/adding-hooks-and-portlets
** "Extlet Configuration Files":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/extlet-configuration-files
* Advanced Documentation
** "Hot Deploy Feature":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/hot-deploy-feature
** "How the Extlet Works":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/how-the-extlet-works
** "Source Codes":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/source-codes

h2. Future

* Implement support for the rest of the configuration files (see "Extlet Configuration Files":https://wiki.github.com/topolik/extlet/extlet-configuration-files)
* Enrich the Liferay using extension points for developers to easily change Liferay core behaviour
* Support for the Liferay 6
* Support for the Glassfish (and other app. servers?)
* Migrate the Extlet into the Liferay Ext Plugin - "LPS-9442":https://issues.liferay.com/browse/LPS-9442
